Quickstart Guide and MyST-NB implementation (#2362)
OceanPARCELS/parcels: docs/development/docsguide.md

Reviewer: 90ish

Author: After editing a few files I am a bit more skeptical; adding and removing wrapping for entire paragraphs seems quite cumbersome.

- [Write the Docs Guide](https://www.writethedocs.org/guide/)
- [NumPy Documentation Article](https://labs.quansight.org/blog/2020/03/documentation-as-a-way-to-build-community)

## Notebook execution

We run the notebooks in our documentation using [MyST-NB](https://myst-nb.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html). Here is a table showing the latest notebook execution:

```{nb-exec-table}

> ```

Reviewer: Saw https://myst-nb.readthedocs.io/en/latest/computation/execute.html , very cool!

## Style guide

> - **Write out `parcels.class.method` in tutorials and how-to guides** so that we can see which classes and methods are part of Parcels. Because in the alternative (using `from parcels import class`) the use of `class` in a cell further along is not obviously part of `parcels`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Prefer `import parcels` over `from parcels import class` in tutorials and how-to guides** so its obvious in later code cells which classes and methods are part of Parcels.
```

> - [**Avoid too much Repitition In Documentation**](https://www.writethedocs.org/guide/writing/docs-principles/#arid): tutorials and how-to guides notebooks will often have repetition of the general **Parcels** steps, which is fine because we want users to see where in the simulation setup things change. We try to limit each page in the documentation to a small number of examples.

Author: ```suggestion
- [**Avoid too much Repitition In Documentation**](https://www.writethedocs.org/guide/writing/docs-principles/#arid): tutorials and how-to guides notebooks will often have repetition of the general **Parcels** steps, which is fine because we want readers to see the changes to a specific class or method in the context of the simulation, e.g. `Particle` and `Kernel` are often customised together, which must be defined before the `ParticleSet.execute()`. We try to limit each page in the documentation to a small number of examples.
```
